It wasn't me! I didn't kill her!
I have been accused!
It wasn't me!
Even if you continue to insist on denial,
The fingerprints we found prove otherwise.
Oh Mi Suk was killed.
Do not call me or send messages to my personal email address.
My father?
Give it back to me later, okay?
Promise me.
Did he die?
-Are you okay? -Are you okay?
What does he do?
Are you going to do a blood test or not?
Did you raise the child alone?
How...
I told you...
I told you that...
You should have waited in front of the operating room like a real gangster.
What about your parents? What about moving outside the country?
I thought you traveled with your parents.
Tae San, I'm not here to make small talk with you.
Are you going to do a blood test or not?
That's all I need to know.
If you're going to have a blood test, come to this place...
"Yule University Hospital"
At 4 tomorrow.
If you don't want that...
Call this number.
If I didn't want to do it?
Yes, if you didn't want her to live.
If
I didn't want her to live?
Detective Lim, ignore it.
Don't think about it.
How can he forget? He was unable to wipe his buttocks after using the bathroom.
Sir, are there no paper towels in the bathroom?
Do you think I'm in the mood to joke?
What did you just say?
- Not in the mood to joke? - No, sir.
He wasn't talking to you. He was talking to me, sir.
I'm not the only one who wanted him to confess.
Stop acting like you're the only investigator here.
Stop. You know he's a perfectionist.
I'm sorry sir.
I mean, homicide detectives
They are not just tracking dogs that catch the suspect.
I'm upset because that rude idiot left without saying anything.
Then why don't you ask your father?
Are you trying to brag because your father is the General Commissioner?
Sir, do not mention personal matters at work.
You despicable people!
Have I become invisible in your eyes because I will retire soon?
Don't stop exchanging words.
Go out and solve it with your fists.
Who killed Oh Min Suk?
- Where is the killer? - Who are you?
This is Jin L Doe from the Homicide Unit.
Me
Park Jae-gyeong from the South Sector Prosecutor's Office in Seoul.
Really?
He was sent there a while ago.
Did you send it already?
Do you know the murdered woman?
Sergeant Yang!
The investigation team called to tell us that Tae San had escaped.
He ran away? To where?
- “Jang Tae San”? - 20 minutes ago.
A car accident occurred at the intersection of the "Mok" neighborhood.
He escaped during the chaos.
How can he escape after a car accident?
He is in handcuffs. What does the follow-up team do?
Motorcycle. He found a motorcycle.
Sergeant Yang, the Chief wants you in his office.
Oh my God, this is crazy.
Check out the surveillance camera clips!
What did you just say?
"Jang Tae San"?
Jang Tae San is the suspect in Oh Mi Suk's murder?
It wasn't him!
He wasn't the one who stabbed my father!
It's that man over there!
I have seen him.
Listen...
How are things going?
Keep me updated.
Yes, this is the follow-up room.
No.
No, we haven't found anything yet.
I think we found it.
Turn left at the intersection of "Moli" station and "Moli" district.
Jang Tae San left Seobu Expressway 5 minutes ago.
He is heading towards the "Moli" station intersection in "Moli" district.
Will he return to this place?
- And the handcuffs? - He is still shackled to her.
He comes back to remove the handcuffs.
Okay.
He passed through the intersection with the “Mouli” neighborhood 5 minutes ago.
He must have passed from here and there.
Yeouido Complex, Gangbyon Road and Olympic Expressway,
And the "Seobu" Expressway, which leads to the "Mok" neighborhood.
Start the inspection and look for the bike.
He will try to remove the handcuffs, so check his house and hardware stores.
All factories equipped with cutting machines.
Check all taxi drivers.
If he were here, he would be like a mouse in a trap.
Block every path and search for him. And the bike...
Find the bike first.
-Do you see that? -It's a motorcycle.
- The key is here. -You are right.
- Watch the store. - Yes, sir.
What are you talking about?
Mi Suk is like a sister to me.
Do you say?
Mi Seok, the girl you considered a sister, was killed.
The suspect who was arrested at the crime scene fled.
So you want me to let you be in charge of finding him?
-Is that what you're saying? -I want to catch the criminal.
Who killed Mi Seok with my own hands.
“Jae Gyeong.”
Am I a joke in your opinion?
Do you think I am a child who will believe your fairy tale?
Are you stupid?
What trouble did you cause once you returned from Chicago?
You better tell me the truth.
If you were in my place,
Would you have invited a slow and incompetent prosecutor like you?
Struggling with complex cases, being responsible for the case of an escaped criminal?
Get out.
“Oh Mi Seok”
She died because of me.
What do you mean?
I was conducting an investigation.
What?
Moon Il Seok and Cho Seo Hee started communicating in Busan.
Il Seok came to Seoul in 2005, and Seo Hee joined him later.
After she was re-elected.
After Il-seok came to Seoul, he listed Songsil Capital and Il-seok Construction,
And "MC Global" on the stock exchange
In just 8 years.
He couldn't have achieved this alone.
Isn't that Cho Seo Hee?
The woman who became the representative for people with disabilities because of her son?
She is famous for her integrity and for helping minorities.
She creates an image of herself to expand her relationships.
Thanks to that,
Citizens voluntarily nominate her for the position of Mayor of Seoul.
I am responsible for Oh Mi Suk's death.
I was the one who recruited her.
Moreover, Jang Tae San killed her.
If I hadn't held it in my hands,
I will not be able to live in peace.
Why did you send him to the prosecutor's office so quickly?
Did you check Oh Mi Sook's house carefully?
We used an advanced spy detector to search her entire home.
She was only informed of our meeting.
- What about others? - I made sure
The taxi driver who gave Jang Tae San a lift didn't say a word.
If you finish cleaning up this mess,
It is best to complete the case as quickly as possible.
"Jang Tae San"
He was almost killed in the police station.
So he won't trust the officers there.
If he used his right to silence, the investigation would continue for a longer time.
Then the reporters' curiosity about the case will increase.
He's probably planning to tell prosecutors everything.
Moon Il Seok is the criminal.
This is what I'm saying.
What if Park Jae-kyung got her hands on the case?
I will make sure she is not responsible for the case.
Your task is to choose the right public prosecutor.
I understand what you mean.
I understand now.
You are truly amazing...
Sir!
Hello, Sir and Madam Representative Cho.
Jang Tae San just ran away.
What?
- He ran away? - Yes.
Moreover, she became "Park Jae-kyung"
The prosecutor responsible for the case.
They say that the winds bring what ships do not desire.
And look what happened. I can't believe he escaped.
I've suffered enough with Shen Changwen.
Is this happening again?
Why doesn't he let me retire in peace?
He is in handcuffs. He won't be able to last long in this neighborhood.
I'm sure we'll catch him soon.
Just because he's not far away doesn't mean we'll be able to find him.
The fugitives do everything they can,
Unlike those who chase them.
What happened? Did you call Go Man Seok?
He was on vacation yesterday and today, so he didn't come to work.
He's not home and his phone is off.
Detective Jin is monitoring Jang Tae San's house.
Do you think he might have met Jang Tae San?
He visited him earlier today, and we are checking the CCTV footage
To make sure it was planned...
I am the responsible prosecutor
About Jang Tae San's escape case.
This is investigation agent Do Sang Hoon.
Are you responsible for Jang Tae San's escape case?
Will the prosecutor's office handle the investigation?
He escaped while being transferred to us.
That was fast.
Please inform us of the current status of the investigation.
I'm sure he's still here.
He didn't have enough time to meet Man-seok to cut off his handcuffs.
Who says Jang Tae San met Go Man Seok?
If you were in his place, who would you ask for help?
I wouldn't resort to Go Man Seok. He will be the first to be monitored.
Fugitives from justice are always caught near their homes.
They ask for help from their parents, siblings, friends and loved ones.
Especially if they were handcuffed.
An hour and a half had passed since he entered the “Mawli” neighborhood intersection.
But you didn't find any motorcycle.
He is most likely hiding in a secluded area where there are no surveillance cameras.
He knows everything because he is a thug in this neighborhood.
Detective Lim, I investigated Jang Tae San.
Do you have clear evidence proving that he is the killer?
He was arrested at the crime scene and we found his fingerprints on the knife,
He was taking drugs before committing the crime, and he had no alibi.
I will examine the crime scene. They expanded the search to include the entire city
So he couldn't leave Seoul.
"Bye, Saul."
I have arrived.
Hello, let's come in.
I'm dying to drink a glass of water now.
There's nowhere to hide if they ambush me.
I can hold my breath for a minute.
But the inspection will not end in a minute.
"Prosecution Service"
- Hello. - Welcome.
- Please sit down. - Okay.
You couldn't leave work because I suddenly asked to meet you.
I apologize for making you wait.
Don't worry, if she wants an important person like you
Talk to me, I should wait.
Women's organizations ask for a favor.
Women's organizations? What do you mean?
I heard that the prosecutor in the case of the fugitive suspect that took place today
She is a woman.
Yes.
Her name is Park Jae-kyung.
But why do you think this is important?
This may seem inappropriate,
But about Park Jae-kyung...
Does she lack experience?
Not good at solving cases?
I don't understand what you mean.
An inexperienced and incompetent prosecutor
Responsible for such a big issue.
They worry that the case will be handled recklessly
Only because the victim was working as a hostess in a bar.
But how did women’s organizations know that the plaintiff, “Park?”
Responsible for the case?
The victim was brutally killed.
Mi Sook was very naive.
Even when I learned that Moon Il Seok noticed something,
She kept waiting for my call.
So Jang Tae San killed her.
I didn't know any of this,
I wasted my time in the United States trying to find Cho Seo Hee's son.
You didn't know this would happen.
I misjudged the situation
I thought he would easily reveal his relationship with Cho Seo Hee.
Since the training institute,
I spent a lot of time watching them,
But I couldn't put them together.
I even hired someone to track them down for 3 months.
They were very secretive.
You should wait here. I'll look for the camera.
No.
I will look for it.
It doesn't exist.
They must have found out about the camera.
They killed Mi Seok...
And they took the camera.
What should we do now?
We should find Jang Tae San.
If we find him, we can reinvestigate Mi Seok's murder case.
And start putting pressure on Moon Il Seok, at least until the auction party
So we should set something on Cho Seo Hee as well.
What auction party?
They did not attend any party together.
But this time, Moon Il Seok will attend the auction party held by Cho Seo Hee.
I don't know the details yet, but I'm sure there's a reason.
"Chief Prosecutor, Han."
Yes sir.
Prosecutor Park was removed from the investigation of the fugitive case.
What do you mean?
These are the orders of the Attorney General.
He said that you cannot investigate the issue that the entire nation is focused on.
Sir.
This decision is based on the capabilities you have demonstrated so far.
Prosecutor Song will take over the investigation from tomorrow, so he will step down from the case.
Sir!
He wants to remove you from the fugitive case?
He told me I was incompetent. I brought this on myself.
The phone cannot be accessed.
This cannot happen.
No, it is not possible!
“Thank you, Representative Cho.”
"I wish you luck"
Wine.
I thought he was going to die but he ran away?
Where is that bastard?
I'm so sorry, ma'am.
I know there is no excuse for what happened.
But I will do my best
To find Jang Tae San before Park Jae Gyeong finds him.
I won't make any mistakes this time.
I already took care of Park Jae-kyung.
So Jang Tae San took over.
She's amazing.
She removed Park Jae-kyung from the fugitive case.
You have never applied like this before.
She no longer has a reason to protect her reputation.
Cho Seo Hee...
She is using her influence since everything is about to end.
I think she'll have the auction party no matter what.
Tell me about “Mi Sook.”
Don't you really know anything about her?
Why do you keep talking about a dead woman?
After you came to drink during the day?
Forget about it and drink another cup.
Oh Mi Suk, who they claim I killed...
And Moon Il-seok, president of Songsil Capital...
I want you to know the nature of their relationship.
Someone told me that "Oh Mi Suk"
She had a special relationship
Who owns this place?
Moon Il Seok, right?
I heard there is something between them.
I'll let you know if I order another bottle.
-Agreed? - Really?
Are you serious?
Promise me.
Make the deal.
Okay.
Bring another bottle.
Oh Mi Suk and Moon Il Seok
They were in a relationship.
But he killed her.
Then he framed Tae San.
In the murder.
Tae San, I knew what happened.
I wonder when I can visit him
At the police station tomorrow.
Mr. Go Man Seok?
Pain
Do you really know?
Yes, I didn't know.
Did Tae San really escape?
Why didn't you answer our calls?
Did you drink with Jang Tae San?
No, I drank with my coworkers.
Dae Pil and Jin Ho.
You can contact them.
And I turned off my phone
Because I didn't want Young Ja to get the wrong idea about me.
- Detective Jane. -Why are there so many movies?
Did Jang Tae San work at a video rental store?
-He loves movies. - Contact Abang Palace to verify his story.
Okay sir.
Who does Jang Tae San usually call and meet?
He usually has no one to contact or meet.
If you helped cover up a criminal
You will get into big trouble.
I don't lie.
He rarely talks about himself.
So, tell me every name you heard from him at least once.
You both grew up in the same orphanage.
- Write the names. - Okay.
"Dae Ryung, Seok Do..."
Jang Tae San hasn't met Go Man Seok?
We have verified his alibi.
He was upset after meeting Jang Tae San.
So he went to a bar to drink alcohol.
I can't believe this.
How dare he try to trick us like this?
Sir, they found Jang Tae San's bike.
Did they find her? where?
Two high school students tried to sell it at a used bike store.
They said she was parked in front of the school with her key.
He did this to mislead us.
Expand your search to include the entire country!
"Checkpoint"
We need to inspect your truck.
Can you lift the covers?
This is a sand truck.
Completely packed with sand. No one can hide in it.
I'm in a hurry.
Here you go.
We thank you for your cooperation with us.
You work hard at your work.
Why don't you unload the truck completely?
Damn!
What's the matter? Can't you sleep?
Is your arm still numb? Shall I massage it for you?
I can't sleep because of the noise.
I will turn off the TV.
I mean my heartbeat.
The sound of my heartbeat is very loud.
I know you are happy but you should sleep.
Here is the bulletin, a suspect has escaped.
Jang, a murder suspect, escaped today at about 4:30
When a car accident occurred while he was being transported
From Yeongdeungbu Police Department to the South District Prosecutor's Office.
We will hear more details from correspondent “Yom”...
Yeongdeungbu Police Department?
I think Mr. Lim will be very busy.
What will you do now? You will get bored.
I'm not a child, why do I feel bored in his absence?
I wonder if the fugitive was that man.
Who?
Mr. Lim caught an evil man.
The killer.
He's the guy who killed someone, right?
I heard about him in the news before.
- “Soo Jin.” - I am also good at talking about nice things.
The gentleman who will donate my bone marrow to me is a nice person.
Mr?
What do you mean?
I thought it would be a man.
He's a man, right?
How many times do I have to tell you that I don't know?
Hurry up and sleep.
Please be here.
"National Criminal Evidence Service"
Prosecutor Park, have you been here all night?
“Jae Gyeong.”
Get up. Let's go in.
How...
I will face Mi Suk? I feel so bad.
The matter is out of your hands.
We should wait until Jang Tae San is arrested.
It started from the neck to the chest
Even the abdomen.
He stabbed her mercilessly.
Sir, if it was a spontaneous crime
The direction of the stab wouldn't have been down, right?
No, if the crime had not been planned, the stabs would have been directed upward.
He was determined to kill her.
He stabbed her until she died. Jang Tae San, that bastard.
Her face looks better than it did before.
What is the point?
I saved her, then killed her.
If she was still a drug addict...
She would still be alive.
"National Criminal Evidence Service"
We did not find the blood of anyone other than the victim.
Why are you taking that?
I should bury her
With her.
What's wrong?
What a shame.
I...
I bought this for her
On her birthday last year. Wow, Mi Seok.
“Mi Sook.” How can you die like this?
What is this?
“Receipt, 50 thousand won.”
It's a receipt from a pawn shop.
"digital camera"
I put the digital camera there.
Digital camera?
“Name: (Oh Mi Suk)”
"All Ocean Pawn Shop"
I don't think they took the digital camera.
“Jae Gyeong.”
What is this?
Amidst her belongings,
I found a receipt from a pawn shop for a digital camera.
Pawn shop receipt?
It's the evidence
Who Mi Seok tried to protect even during her death.
The camera includes a recording of Moon Il Seok and Cho Seo Hee.
And the conversation between them.
Please let me catch Moon Il Seok and Cho Seo Hee, sir.
If I had not had the authority to investigate,
The camera will end up in Representative Cho's hands.
Then Mi Seok will have died in vain.
And the effort you have made over the past 8 years
In my father's case, it would be useless.
Your father? Are you saying...
Yes. This is correct. So I worked as a prosecutor.
I pretended to be incompetent in order to leave work early
To focus on investigating Moon Il Seok and Cho Seo Hee.
You became a prosecutor to arrest Moon Il Seok and Cho Seo Hee?
I'm sorry, sir.
"receipt"
I will have to risk everything for this cause.
Are you ready to risk everything?
Anyway, if I catch them,
I will resign from my job as a prosecutor since I am not qualified for this job.
That's not what I'm saying. I'm talking about your life.
You may die.
We have not received any reports of missing cutting machines.
No one reported seeing a man in handcuffs.
We did not receive any report.
Is he hiding in a place with a hostage or something like that?
This wouldn't have happened if we hadn't moved it.
Let us reinvestigate the case, sir. What should we do?
Team One, go to Busan to investigate all his contacts.
The second will investigate Seoul.
They investigated his orphanage, his schools, and the bars and pool halls he went to
While he was working with the gangs, and all the women he dated.
I want information about everything.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
They submitted an urgent request to extract his phone record.
She told again about the gambling halls and nightclubs she frequented.
What about you sir?
I will join you after passing somewhere.
Are you going to visit Mrs. Seo?
Check if they received a call last night.
Okay, ma'am.
Mr. Lim.
Mom, Mr. Lim came.
“Seung Yoo.”
I thought you would be busy with the case. How did you manage to come?
You've disappointed me. How could you think I wouldn't visit her?
Soo Jin, aren't you right?
Isn't your mother acting strange?
Mr. Lim came to see me, mother.
Then why are you still standing there?
I want to hug Soo Jin.
But I'm dirty. I couldn't shower.
It's okay now.
Great.
How do you feel?
I'm a little scared.
Yes, I heard you're going to have a hard time getting into the anesthesia room.
But what did I say I would do for you?
If you endured 13 days?
Football, amusement park and ice cream.
-What do you need then? -I must hold on.
This is true.
Kiss me.
I'm really sorry.
I told you I'm fine.
No, not you. I feel sorry for Soo Jin.
When she saw the news about the fugitive, she started to worry
About you being busy and feeling bored without you.
Did she really say that? Whew.
If she should just leave me.
I mean, what is this?
I cannot support you in your most difficult circumstances.
Why did he run away and make things difficult for all of us?
I will catch that bastard even if I kill him.
This is very heinous.
I won't really kill him.
This means that I will find him no matter what.
But that bastard is a real monster.
I don't want you to get hurt, so be careful.
I will call you whenever I can to check on you
And to hear about Soo Jin.
Let's change our clothes.
Let's go.
"Bone marrow transplant"
We will finally enter the anesthesia room.
Mom, wait a minute.
- What's wrong? -Are you sure?
That I will get out of here alive?
Of course.
Don't worry and think about the promise you made to me and Mr. Lim.
My mother. You love Mr. Lim, right?
What?
Mr. Lim loves you very much.
So you started to like him too, right?
Why are you asking me about that suddenly?
I thought you liked him too.
I didn't say I didn't love him.
I love Mr Lim too.
come in
Is this all?
Yes, it seems so.
Prosecutor Park.
Why did we find a receipt but not the camera?
Mi Sook put the camera here on the day she was killed.
If you elude me, I will charge you with destroying evidence.
I am not the one who wrote this receipt.
Tae San wrote it, this is his handwriting!
"Jang Tae San"?
Why Jang Tae San in particular?
Why should it be Jang Tae San?
She must have left the camera because she was worried
For Moon Il Seok to take it from her.
She didn't know that Jang Tae San works for himself.
Maybe they killed her because she left the digital camera
With Jang Tae San.
Don't you know the places I frequented yet?
I forgot about him since I saw him imprisoned for the second time in 2008.
It turns out that he is a follower of Moon Il Seok, doing everything he asks.
However, if he were imprisoned for murder in addition to his previous crimes,
I'm sure he knows that he will be sentenced to life imprisonment.
He must have promised him a big reward...
But he has no family to give money to.
Jang Tae San grew up in an orphanage.
Can you find out what he was doing after 2008?
I'll start from his time in Busan.
She tells the story of the auction party that Cho Seo Hee will be holding.
There's something fishy, ​​but I can't figure it out yet.
Okay.
By the way, Prosecutor Park.
Moon Il Seok and Cho Seo Hee
They will soon know that you came here.
It doesn't matter.
I will no longer continue the investigation in secret.
I'll catch Jang Tae San
And reveal all the crimes they hide.
Yes, I'm Park Jae-kyung.
Did you find Jang Tae San?
Where did you find him?
A plaintiff named Park Jae-kyung came to the pawn shop?
Digital camera?
Listen.
The plaintiff went to a pawn shop
I looked for a digital camera that Mi Sook put there.
The receipt said “Tae San,” but the camera isn’t in the closet.
Oh Mi Suk left a camera there?
Digital camera...
What? Does that mean it's our picture?
From outside the house?
But all the curtains were drawn.
If Prosecutor Park looked for it herself, it couldn't be an ordinary camera.
If it was designed to catch you and Deputy Cho,
It could have been equipped with a recording feature.
Tell her I miss her.
Yes, tell her I miss her.
Don't forget to tell her that, okay?
So the letter she left for Jae Kyung saying that she misses her
Was it a password to tell her she had found evidence?
Sir.
If the camera wasn't in the pawn shop,
This means that Jang Tae San took it.
Yes, father.
Yes.
Okay.
The bicycle was stolen from Nogam Village, Nogammyeon in Mungyeong,
North Gyeongsang Province.
The cutting machine was stolen in Wangneung.
Which is 20 km from the village of “Nungam”.
According to what the workers said, they worked until 2 am,
So we can assume that Gang Tae San stole the cutting machine after that.
It's an electric cutting machine, so he would need an electrical plug.
He needed to go to a quiet place,
Considering that it will take some time to cut the cuffs,
We can assume that Jang Tae San
Cutting off the handcuffs after 4 am.
Some men were camping near the factory,
Their clothes and shoes disappeared.
He rode a motorcycle and a bicycle while handcuffed?
He went to North Gyeongsang Province in just 8 and a half hours?
We thought it would be somewhere near Yeongdeungpo.
He cut off the handcuffs at 4 in the morning, and it is now 11:30 in the morning.
So 7 and a half hours have passed.
He has plenty of time to leave the area.
I don't know how he managed to get there in handcuffs.
But he did not rest for 8 hours and did not sleep either.
Are you saying he might have hidden somewhere to sleep?
Jang Tae San didn't eat a meal here.
Can you last without food and sleep for two days straight?
We are still inspecting highways and roads.
So he couldn't have escaped in a car.
They blocked all roads within a 30 km radius of that area and searched passing cars.
Go to every village and search every house.
And know if anyone heard the sound of a cutting machine.
Let us ask the Minister of National Defense for help in searching the hills.
He's already ahead of us.
If his hands were free, he would be able to do anything. Let's move.
Will you join us?
Am I not allowed to go?
Prosecutors do not work in the field.
Stop there, you troublemaker!
I will kill you as soon as I catch you.
Ya said!
Come here.
Hey!
You troublemaker!
Where do you think you're going? Come here!
Where are you going?
You fool.
Are you running away from me?
Because you know you'll die as soon as I catch you?
You troublemaker.
Do you think I feed you with rice?
Every morning and night for no reason?
I should take care of my health
If I would have lasted this summer.
I don't have a husband or son to take care of me.
My only means of living is food.
Come here!
This lady is strong-willed.
- An hour has already passed. - Where are you going?
I can't go out because she will see me.
What time is it now?
Let's see who will win the battle.
I will make sure to catch you, even if it means that
To eat you late at night.
Wait!
This is not a good time to laugh.
I am very hungry.
I am thirsty.
Where will I hide?
I don't have money.
I am sure that the police are everywhere.
I know, right? What will you do?
I don't know. What should I do?
What will you do?
I wish I could stay hidden.
If I get some food,
I can wait here until the day of surgery.
Thank heaven.
I promised to return it to her.
You promised me your pinky too.
How will you return it to me?
- What? - What was your plan when you escaped?
I didn't have a plan.
I didn't just want to die.
I can't die
Before surgery.
But Moon Il Seok keeps trying to kill me,
So I ran away for now.
I should have stayed alive.
How will you survive until the day of surgery?
Are you hungry?
You are right.
I have an announcement for all residents.
last night,
A murder suspect escapes from Seoul
It seems that he came to our village.
Why is he trying to kill me?
I don't really understand.
He framed me for leaving my fingerprints
And falsifying my alibi.
After all that, why is he trying to kill me?
What type of relationship?
Who brought together Oh Mi Suk and Moon Il Seok?
I wonder if Man-seok knew.
Is there a phone here?
You troublemaker!
Where are you going?
Madam.
The issue is,
I lost my way in the mountain
I ended up wandering here at night.
What a shame.
Looks like you had a rough night.
- Madam. - Yes?
Can I hold it for you?
That troublemaker?
You must feel better.
Excuse me?
- Yes. - This damned chicken.
I have a late lunch
Because she kept running away from me.
She was busy running away,
So I got very fat.
I have to say she is very good.
I agree with you.
By the way,
Why did you go to the mountain without a bag?
How brave you are.
What about you? Aren't you afraid when you're alone?
My nickname is Iron Granny.
What could scare me? I'm not afraid of ghosts or humans.
Aren't you afraid of ghosts?
Why am I afraid of her?
Rather, I should be afraid of humans.
Humans are the ugliest creatures
In the whole world.
You are right.
I'm afraid of people too.
Iron Granny!
Who is this?
I am the sheikh of the town.
What brought you here?
Here you go.
Sit down. Eat more.
- Did your son come? - Yes.
Hey, wait!
Why does he run away?
- What a shame. - The bicycle was stolen from the village of Nungam.
The cutting machine was stolen from Wangnyeong.
We should focus on the region...
They found Jang Tae San!
"(Mungyeong)"
"Mungyeong Police Volunteer"
- “El Do.” - Yes, sir.
Cross the river and walk along the gully.
- Yes, sir. - Hurry.
We don't know where he might have fled to.
So they put some people on the other side as well.
We haven't found it yet, what about you?
Not here either.
It will be dark soon, maybe he will hide in the forest.
Make sure to inspect carefully.
"Seo Soo Jin's Healing Calendar"
It's Jang Tae San!
Why did you visit Jang Taesan?
How do you know that scoundrel?
Is he Soo Jin's biological father?
If I catch Jang Tae San and find the camera...
Is there a digital camera? Was I photographed?
You should turn yourself in. Surrender yourself to save Soo Jin.
Soo Jin has started receiving initial treatment, she can't back out now.
She will die if surgery is not performed on her. She will die immediately.
If I were in prison, Soo Jin wouldn't be able to have the surgery.
Because I will die, I will end up dead.
Digital camera...
Yes, Man-seok has it.
Translated by "Shaima Gad"